Lao Li, if the two of our ministers marry
Who else in this world can compete with us?
That's right, it's rare for two kids to hit it off
Ask the virgin to marry today
Achieve a good relationship
Ok, hahahaha, smiling Buddha.
Smiling Buddha
Today is the day for our nine clans to see the saint
What is he doing here?
This Heavenly Dragon Hall
Fat burning our nine clans for many years
They don't like it for a long time
In the past, Tianlong Hall controlled the nine clans
But now my nine clans are rising strongly
You and I see that there is no need for the Tianlong Palace to exist.
Yang Fan, you really dare to come?
Oh, Miss Li knows this person.
This person is the Laughing Extinction Buddha
The puppet who ordered us to remove the goddess of the nine clans from the shelves
That's him!
Today is the day when our nine clans welcome the saint
I don't know what Tianlong Zun is doing here
Why can't I see the saintess in Tianlong Hall?
Yang Fan, you really don't know death
The feast of the saintess also dares to make trouble
My resignation is an honor for his saint
Are you looking for death?